Paolo extending docs (#10)
RISC-OS-Community/DME-Core: doc/02DMEConfigFileP.md

# DME-Core Configuration File Protocol
This page describes the DME-Core main configuration file protocol. This file allows the configuration of the DME-Core engine itself.

Each DME-Core add-ons may have its own configuration file.

Essencially the file format is *key* *value*.

Each Keyword (token) in the configuration file is case insenitive, while their values are case sensitive.
Each keyword, when parsed, will be trimmed of spaces surrounding it, but no internal spaces will be touched.
Each keyword value, when parsed, will have surrounding spaces trimmed, but no internal spaces will be touched.

> Each line that begins with a "#" symbol are considered comments and will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each line that begins with a "#" symbol is considered a comment and will be ignored.
```
